NSFW and SPAM (#69)
vmstan/vmstio: docus/content/rules/process.md

For whatever action you take on a report, please post to the thread in Matrix as an indicator that you’ve followed up. If you need to loop in another staffer for an assist do so via @mention within Matrix.

## Confidentiality

All internal discussion of reports should be considered confidential.

The exact source of a report should never be revealed to a user, unless there are extenuating legal circumstances, and then only at the discretion of an administrator.

> Communication of disciplinary actions against user accounts should be done in outside public view, via the built in warning/appeals system, email, private mention or other secure means.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Communication of disciplinary actions against user accounts should be done outside of the public view, such as through Mastodon's built-in warning/appeals system, email, private mention or other secure means.
```

> All private communication regarding actions should be documented in via appropriate internal channels.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All private communication regarding actions should be documented in appropriate internal channels.
```
